Vertex passkeys (#1873)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/enterprise-version/system-management/account-management/account-management.md

---
sidebar_label: "Account Management"
title: "Account Management"
description: "Update and manage the user settings and credentials of the admin user."
icon: ""
hide_table_of_contents: false
sidebar_position: 60
tags: ["vertex", "management", "account"]
keywords: ["self-hosted", "palette"]
---

> As an admin user, you can update and manage your user settings, such as changing the email address and changing the credentials. You can also passkey to access the admin panel. The passkey feature support both virtual passkey and physical passkey. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an admin user, you can update and manage your user settings, such as changing the email address and changing the credentials. You can also enable passkey to access the admin panel. The passkey feature supports both virtual passkey and physical passkey. 
```
